You are getting access
to very precious items
from the archives.
Daniel: Anne Frank
meets Stephen King.
♪
We're a family?
Yeah. with no secrets.
Uncle Les got secrets.
How's Antoinette?
I don't see that
happening again.
Claudia: His name is Charlie.
He's got veins like rivers.
Charlie?
This is why we never
get close to mortals.
Let me tell you something.
I'm doin' just fine.
I'm just getting started.
♪
[Blood squelches]
[Piano playing]
[Pages turning]
Daniel: "Man with green
vest... 'Please. no.'
Man with fat fingers...
'Please. stop.'
Window washer... 'I
can't die like this.'
Woman with purple
shoes... 'Please.'
♪
[Sighs]
Boy with inner tube and
dog... 'Let my dog live.'
'Please. no.'
'Please. stop.'
'Stop.'"
Oh. here's a good one.
"Man in the last row of 'The
Son of Sheik' picture show...
'You said you
had cigarettes.'"
[Chuckles]It's a kill list.
Yes.
In a teenager's handwriting.
The final words of her victims.
There are 42 pages. if
I remember correctly.
"Schoolteacher...
'Guard your heart.'"
I'm trying to think of something
more fucked up than this.
And how is your
work any different?
[Moans softly]
Well. what do you think
will happen to Mr. du Lac
when you publish this book.
when the other vampires of the
world get their hands on it?
As long as they
pay full freight.
They will make
their way to Dubai.
They will scale the
sides of this building.
force their way inside.
and paint the walls
with his blood.
[Exhales slowly]
You are chronicling a suicide.
Do not look down on Claudia.
Look in the mirror.
Louis: Rashid is an
opinionated young man.
He lives to share
these opinions.
even when they
are not solicited.
What's he taste like?
I didn't ask that.
You were thinking it.
Stay out of my head.
Honey and pineapple.
He stuffs himself
with both for days
before he offers himself to me.
Would you like to sample?
I'll wait till Damick
comes around again.
I'm a savory man most days.
[Exhales sharply]
I care for him more than
he cares for himself.
And I wouldn't let you
near my neck if you were...
62 1/2 kilograms.
What? 138 pounds for the
metrically challenged.
Daniel here was wondering
how much you weigh. Rashid.
so I told him...
Stay out of my head.
Sleep. pray. eat. pray.
swim. pray. et cetera.
On days he's a plump 139.
I believe he swims twice.
Metronomic. my Rashid.
Refill.
[Keyboard clacking]
♪
Louisiana's a closed
records state.
And that means? It means that
I can't browse the
mortality data for 1923.
You wouldn't find the
corroboration you were seeking
even if you could.
We burned. We buried.
And a convention
city is not motivated
to advertise grim statistics.
[Footsteps approaching]
[Computer beeps]Session five.
Louis de Ponte du
Lac... For Claudia.
all humans died with
Charlie.[Liquid pouring]
As for scale...
I was skeptical. too.
I thought she was
on a hunger strike.
[Dove cooing]
[Wings flapping]
[Bones crack. dove shrieks]
♪
[Doves cooing. wings flapping]
[Sighs]
♪
[Piano continues playing]
[Footsteps approaching]
It's been months. Her
meals are too meager.
What if you bring one of
your kills into her room?
We could tie him up
next to the coffin...
She's not surviving on
birds or nocturnals. Louis.
She waits for that
slither of time
when I'm on the hunt and
you're gone round the back
to make nice with
the ratcatcher.
Or she's slowly
starving herself.
Bon.
I know what I'd do. but
you've cut my hands off.
My parenting is... Sadistic?
[Chuckles]
So save your words when
it comes to Claudia.
She's in there 'cause of you.
[Piano keys clang] Ca suffit!
[Wings flutter]
[Coffin lid clattering]
Voilà.
Comme je dit.
She's dining out.
as I said she was.
Ah.
Don't do that. It's private.
[Pages turning][Sighs]
Ah.
[Chuckles]
"Dear Diary. am I
gonna be a virgin
every single time I do it?
Won't my skin down there
grow back like my hair
does when I cut it?"
Jesus.
[Book snaps]
[Footsteps receding]
[Sighs]
[Piano playing]
♪
[Steam whistle
blows]Old Man: What...
What night is it?
I couldn't hear you
over the tugboat.
What... What night is it?
January 5th.
January.[Blood squelching]
Always thought it
would be summer.
[Thud]
[Thunder rumbles.
steam whistle blowing]
[Sighs]
♪
[Rain pattering in distance]
Aah!
[Breathing heavily]
[Gasps]
A whole lot of concern's been
wasted on you these past months.
You read my... All of it.
Louis: Whole families.
half a parade crew.
The incinerator
will be overflowin'.
The smoke alone would
blot out the moon.
What did you do
with 'em. Claudia?
Did you read my other ones?
No. I did.
Inked with ungratefulness.
Where are the bodies?
Well. then. I guess you
better hope and pray
you taught me how
to clean up good.
Where are they?
You gonna let him do this to me?
I read some passages
out loud. I'm afraid.
Hurtful words for
both your guardians.
I didn't mean harm. a-and
the bodies are just preten...
Stop lying. Claudia!
I buried them. okay?!
Way out of town.
Nothin' out there for miles.
No one's ever gonna find 'em.
except maybe criminals
burying bodies of their own.
[Sighs] [Crying]
I'm never gonna forget
what happened here.
I hate you both.
Where out of town? Chalmette.
Now get out of my room!
Chalmette's three feet
below the river line.
So what?! [High-pitched]
Get out of my room!
[Mirror shatters]
What happens when the next
storm comes out the gulf?
[Thunder rumbles]
[men shouting indistinctly]
[Jazz music playing]
♪
[indistinct conversation]
[Thunder booming]
♪
Over here! [Indistinct]
Over here!
♪
[Woman laughs]
The Christian ran to Atlanta.
♪
[Lively. indistinct
conversations]
[Laughter]
♪
Anderson: I've been
tapped on the shoulder
from the long arm of
Baton Rouge. I'm afraid.
They're promising I only
have to be in session
'bout a third of the year.
but a promise for Baton Rouge
is what my wife would call
"a pig in a turnip field."
[Chuckles]
I don't know what
it means either.
I mean. you can't count on
it. is what I'm getting at.
[Clears throat]
And when you have been
tapped on the shoulder
from Baton Rouge...
You want money?
I mean. it's always a
straight line with you. Louis.
Yes.
Yes. I am asking for your
and Mr. Lioncourt's
support in my campaign
for the Louisiana House
of Representatives.
A grubby business. politics.
Also devoid of dignity.
But there's one of those
Temperance fartknockers
runnin' again.
And. well. look at us...
A city of a thousand saloons
shamed into the shadows.
Look. that's Chief
of Police Bardeen.
Maybe I should buy him
a round. ask him why
there's double the cops
walkin' the Quarter lately.
Our recent unpleasantness
in the Ninth Ward.
The floaters.
I read about that in the papers.
Six bodies. was it?
Six? [Chuckles]
Try 56.
Fleet of corpses like
it was a judgment come.
But they're still
digging. Drowned?
"Must have drowned
in the hurricane."
First words out of my
mouth when I got the call.
But I'll tell you
both somethin'.
because we're old friends.
Every single one
of those corpses
had some soft part
of it lopped off.
Finger here. a foot there...
a toe.
Hell. one poor woman
was missing her left...
Mama!
Onlythe left. Don't be shy.
Go on ahead. just
take the whole set.
Sounds like there's a
maniac on the loose.
Most of the poor fools they
hooked out of the bayou
are former inhabitants
of the Quarter.
so don't be too startled
if the police come
knockin' on your door.
[Laughter in distance]It's
just a routine look-see.
[Laughs]
You didn't invite us here
for a campaign donation.
now. did you. Tom?
Tapped on the shoulder
from Baton Rouge.
from the Fraternal Order.
Both things can be true. Louis.
One each.
♪
[Sinister music playing]
[Jazz music. indistinct
conversations. laughter fade]
♪
[Jazz music playing]
[Sniffs]
♪
Good evening. sirs. My
name is Deputy Habersham.
Uh. am I speaking with the
owners of this townhouse?
You are.
And can you explain
your presence in it?
Well. we've had a few citizens
go missin' from Rue Royale...
A young maid. not
two doors over.
[Claudia giggles][Strained]
Oh. dear.
We're goin' door to door.
looking for malefactors. uh.
lurking about.
Your daughter let us in.
I was in the middle of
cleanin' when they knockered.
"Us"? "They"?[Footsteps
in distance]
Oh. I have a few deputies
searchin' the premises.
Uh. makes for a more
efficient intrusion.
Why don't you finish your
chores upstairs. young lady?
♪
[Giggles]
[Bottle clatters on floor]
[Thud]
[Claudia laughs]
You often leave
your daughter alone
with access to illegal spirits?
Deputy #1: Deputy Habersham!
Found this. sir.
What is it?
It's an incinerator.
What is it incineratin'?
Yard clippings?
Waste.
Refuse.
We sell incinerators.
To various American cities.
♪
Mm.
[Gasps]
[Chuckles]
Where garbage collects.
rats congregate.
infection breeds.
The problems can waylay
even the most formidable
municipalities.
♪
[Giggles]
And we bring our clients here
to demonstrate the product.Hm.
[Perfume spraying]
[Man wheezing weakly]No.
no. no. no. no. no!
♪
[Wheezing continues]
[Door knob rattling]Shh!
This one's locked. sir.
That's my daughter's room.
Well. what are you waitin'
for? Knock it down.
♪
Oh! I'm getting ready for bed!
Excuse me. miss. Oh. my!
♪
[Thud][Groaning]
Habersham: Now. it
is my sworn duty
to notify the dry agents
as to the wine cellar
on the premises.
I will refrain from contacting
the Child Welfare League.
but I don't like what
I've seen in this home.
And we'll make sure Police
Chief Bardeen is informed
how his men conducted themselves
in the home of law-abiding.
taxpaying citizens.
[Chuckles]
You know. I'd add a
second bed to the boudoir
before you two go
making accusations.
I have no doubt you
could carry the fines.
but crimes against nature.
that comes with a five-year
prison term if convicted.
[Steam whistle
blows in distance]
[Crickets chirping]
[Indistinct conversations
in distance]
We'll be watching you.
Mr. du Lac. Mr. Lioncourt.
Louis: Have you lost
your goddamn mind?
Lestat: Souvenirs. Overnight
in a jail cell with no coffin.
We do not bring
souvenirs into the house!
All be dead by mornin'.Of
course. that's what she wants.
So much wine in his blood.
You wanted her. you fix her!
And beer and whisky.
We're doin' this together.
Do you remember our life.
how happy we were before her?
Happy? We were not happy.
An anvil. tied
around our ankles.
pulling us towards the
pitch-black ocean floor.
Who am I supposed to love?
♪
You two have each other.
Who's my Lestat?
Who's my Louis?
I'm not human.
Wh... What human would want me?
Perverts?
Like the uncle at
the roomin' house
who used to watch me pee?
♪
Or little boys?
And 40 years from now...
still little boys?
How are you gonna fix it. huh?
Which one of you gonna fuck
me?! [Breathing heavily]
Well. you're not my type.
I like a fuller figure.
Lestat! She's being impossible.
Why can't I make one?
No matter how much
blood I give them.
they just lie there gaspin'.
What is this? Look at
me. What have you done?
[Gasps]
[Groans]
Did you try to make another?
Boy from Ponchatoula.
Boy from Hollygrove.
Boy with the bow
tie out in Algiers.
Claudia. how'd you
figure this was gon' go?
Make me one. Because
you turned out so well.
'Cause if you don't.
I'm gonna go out there
and find other vampires.
If you could find
them. which you won't.
they would shred you to strips.
because you are
built like a bird.
because you are a
mistake.[Whimpers]
How 'bout you shut the fuck up?!
He treats us like
shit and you take it!
Why is that?
And you. cruel as
the devil ever made.
to refuse me one love
when you've got two.
♪
[Scoffs]
White girl. down in Algiers.
sings torch songs with a flat.
no-nothing ass.
Been following you. Uncle Les.
You ain't been
your careful self.
♪
He's gotten tired
of us. Daddy Lou...
The housewife and the mistake.
♪
[Footsteps pounding in distance]
[Door slams in distance]
I've been entertaining myself.
Amusing my...
I don't know if you remember...
Antoinette.
I'll kill her soon.
[Scoffs]
♪
Don't. Don't... Don't run off.
I know we made some... Mistakes?
I remember the night I was
made. the fire chokin' me.
you carryin' me out through
the flame and the smokes.
But then why'd you take me home?
Why not a hospital?
You... You were
barely breathin'.
But I wasbreathin'!
[Sighs]
Maybe I'd have a
handsome husband by now.
Or maybe he'd be plain but
with a good disposition.
That'd be fine. too.
I'd be sweepin' floors. makin'
dinners. nursin' babies.
Maybe I'd go to church.
[Crying]
You think on that some.
♪
[Door slams]
Louis: I had no words for her.
What words were there?
"It all happened so fast."
"I was trying to save you."
"All vampires are
born out of trauma."
We made her out of remorse...
out of selfishness.
Poor dear.
She wasn't held enough in
between ritualistic murders.
She spent every night for
half a decade with no friends.
locked in the emotional
storm of puberty.
Look. Charlie Manson wrote
a couple of beautiful songs.
Still. he was Charlie Manson.
Is that all you think of her?
Mostly.
I also think she
makes you and Frenchy
look like a couple of
whiny. existential queens.
Probably why she's
a fuckin' gold mine.
The girl who moves
a million books.
I won't have her exploited.
Won't matter what
your intentions are.
It's the world out there now.
She's the... the...
single-shooter. Xbox.
mouth-breather shit they crave.
You can put the diaries
in a proper context.
Context?
Sure.
Warn the world about a
forthcoming apocalypse.
Or maybe inspire a line of sexy
Claudia Halloween costumes.
Or a cool dismemberment trend
amongst the suburban
Sylvia Plath set.
Once you put it out there.
they decide what it is.
It can get away from you.
♪
Keep reading.
Keep talking.
Claudia's night
rambles had exposed us.
Assume we are under suspicion.
Assume our finances no
longer provide us protection.
Make your kills outside
the city. one a night.
no persons of note...
Unfortunates. undesirables.
No more incinerator.
new locks on the doors.
shutter the windows.
no parties...
no friends. But her
absence would lay bare
who we were without her...
A simmering pot of resentments.
We should leave the
city. start anew.
turn a betrayal
into an opportunity.
New York. Chicago. Los Angeles.
Paris. No.
Mm-hmm.
We should dismantle her room.
You don't touch her room.
♪
She'll be back. No. she won't.
There would be no
Roaring Twenties for us.
♪
We would be underground
for seven years.
[Lively. indistinct
conversations]
Emotionally. I was vacant.
I longed for Claudia.
I ached for her.
I walked the streets
of New Orleans
with the shifting
masses of the unfed.
the addicts born of
despair...[man coughing]
sending out telepathic
thoughts of remorse
in every direction.[man
coughing]
But she had shut her mind
off to me for some time then.
[dog barking in distance]
And so I was left to
revisit old haunts.
desperate for connection.
"Claudia. come home."
"I know I hurt you."
"I know I can make
it right again."
Little girl. Little
girl. I'm talking to you.
I don't talk to strangers.
Now. what were you
doin' in the library?
You're not allowed in there.
My mama works here.
She cleans classrooms.
I read while she's cleanin'.
You can read?
[Chuckles]
Oh.
Just as I thought.
Little thief. You're comin'
with me.[Motorcycle approaching]
Bruce: What are you
gonna do after that?
What? After you turn her in.
after it makes you
feel like a big man.
what's your next
move. you think?
You are not allowed to ride
one of those things on campus.
You can't read.
I can't ride.
This guy knows all the rules.
This is ourschool. Where
is your fightin' pride?
You hungry?
♪
As the depression
set in on the nation.
I barricaded myself within
the dilapidating walls
of 1132 Rue Royale.
educating myself from
Lestat's library.
ignoring all other
duties of the role
Claudia once mocked me
for... The unhappy housewife.
Flaubert's style is so dense.
♪
Louis Armstrong's in town
tonight. playing at the Pelican.
Should we make it a
night of the two Louis?
The absence of metaphor
is so striking.
You sound like ever pompous
Sorbonne student
I've ever eaten.
♪
Should I do like you instead?
Read the first 10
pages of every book.
pass myself off as cultured?
Well. at least. you're listening. Use
my middling command of literary canon...
I sit there thinking.
"Light yourself on fire.
see if he would notice."...to
impress some hapless human
I'm gonna kill in
a few hours anyway.
You draw me into your gloom.
It's your fault she's gone.
If you hadn't pushed
her... Claudia.
If you hadn't done
your... Claudia. Claudia.
I cannot listen to this insanity
about Claudia one more time.
[Speaking French]
[Footsteps receding]
I took an unsavory delight
in provoking Lestat...
[Door slams]
but it was a cheap satisfaction.
As the tourist
carriages rode by.
whispering tales of the weird
brothers who encamped inside.
Used to work for
Mr. Henry Ford in Detroit.
Sent about 20 of us over to
a place called Copenhagen
and build a factory.
Met my maker walkin'
the harbor one evening.
Trouble punchin' the
clock after that.
How'd you get back home?
Faked my own death.
Shipped back on a
boat in a coffin.
Naw.
Got to hear my own funeral.
Naw. No lie.
[Both chuckle]
Only a couple dozen
people showed up.
most didn't have much to say.
Started talking about the
weather a few minutes in.
[Chuckles] Almost got
myself buried alive.
Poor fella diggin' my grave
lies restin' in the family plot.
[Both chuckle]
What was he like. your maker?
Strange.
European.
We didn't get on much.
You and I are runnin'
from the same thing then.
Is that who's callin' out
your name every night?
Is that Louis?
You heard his voice?
I thought I was the
only one stateside.
Then I heard him callin' out.
"Claudia. I'm sorry.
Claudia. come back."
It ain't like that.
He's more like a dad. I thought.
"Oh...
now there's three of us."
Got me wonderin'
what it'd be like...
Ride with others.
hunt in a pack.
Mm. a little gang of vamps.
Little fang gang. [Hisses]
[Both laugh]
You got a name?
Parents named me Bruce.
[Laughs]
Bruce?
You don't kill like a Bruce.
What do I kill like?
You kill like a...
like a killer.
[Chuckles]
You like books. right?
I got a book.
You're welcome to it.
Got it off a girl a
little older than you.
[Chuckles]
Not the kind of book I'd read.
Thanks. killer.
There's good things
in that book...
Manners. how to be
a nice young lady.
I manage just fine.
Mnh-mnh.
You've been sloppy
out in Jefferson City.
How long you been followin'...
You shouldn't dump
bodies in the Missouri.
Even if you weigh 'em down
with rocks. river's too fast.
I find you build
a shallow grave.
sometimes a prairie wind'll
catch. burns faster.
How long you been... About
five. six colleges or so.
How'd you do it?
I had good ears
when I was alive.
Got great ears now.
Heard your name in the air.
Somethin' about
the way it sounded.
[Whispering] Clau... di... a.
How old are you. Claudia?
104. [Chuckles]
Always had a fondness
for older women.
[Grunts]
You're gettin' a little
close there. Bruce.
Aah! [Whimpering]
You are bein'
rude![Breathing rapidly]
Wha... What'd you do that for?
'Cause you were gonna run away.
and I knew you'd regret it.
♪
Ooh. mama.
"Courtesy demands that
you. when you are a guest.
shall show neither annoyance
nor disappointment...
no matter what happens."
[Whimpering]
♪
There are four pages torn out.
I'll repeat myself.
I will not exploit her.
Did she tear them out?
Doesn't seem like
something she would do.
It's clear what happened.
And she wrote about it.
and I'd like to read it.
No.
When you do that. Louis.
when you editorialize.
however noble the reasoning.
it calls into question the other
shit you're shoveling my way.
Or... Or... Or maybe you
can recite it from memory.
as you've demonstrated before.
Uh. let's see.
"Bruce walked back from the fire
and leaned down over me and..."
Torn out pages...
[Sinister music playing]
[Hand thumping]
[Grunting]
♪
Don't ask again.
[Groans]
[Breathing heavily]
[Thumping slows]
Mr. du Lac occasionally finds it
difficult to talk about Claudia.
Got that.
Mr. du Lac would
like to apologize
and continue with the
interview. if you are in...
Still recording.
[Car horn honking. dog
barking in distance]
[Rat squeaking]
[Rat squealing]
[Thud]
"Rash of mysterious deaths
at university libraries
perplex authorities."
Listen to this.
"Housekeeping staff of
Vanderbilt University
tried to rouse students
who appeared to have
fallen asleep at their studies.
only to discover that they
were. in fact. deceased.
Similar incidents
have been recorded
at the College of Charleston.
Lincoln University
in Jefferson City.
and the University
of Alabama."
It's her. It has to be her.
It could be her.
But I am the one
who is presently
standing in front of you.
And unlike Claudia.
I am a full-blooded adult...
with all the right appendages.
So. if my considerable
considerables
continue to be squandered...
Two crime scenes. seven deaths.
Close proximity.
♪
Cause of deaths. for
reason. under investigation.
Coroner's office...
[Muttering indistinctly]
[Soft. indistinct conversations]
Louis: I'm sitting on the same
balcony where you used to write...
♪
And I'll sit here forever...
Looking down both ends
of Royal Street...
[Sighs]
waitin' for your return...
♪
For your forgiveness.
[Telephone ringing]
♪
Hello?
Sorry. I...
No. no. It's good
to hear your voice.
Yeah. I-I could meet you.
♪
We're. um...
We're headed north.
Crash cleaned us out.
And don't offer.
because I'm not asking.
Levi found some
work near Boston.
We feel blessed for the work.
You look good.
Don't need that either. Louis...
or whoever you are
that took my Louis.
It's me. Grace.
I sat across the dinner
table from him my whole life.
The pews in St.
Augustine's on Sunday.
Hid my fourth-grade
report card on purpose.
'Cause his was so bad
and he didn't want our
parents to find out.
You're not my Louis.
You can't be.
♪
I prayed myself old. beggin'
what to do about you.
♪
God never talked back. so...
This is how it has to be.
for me. for my family.
You understand?
♪
Louis: "I spend time
following Louis and Lestat
now that I am my own woman...
with no obvious sense
of why I follow them.
other than meaning slowly
disintegrates without them...
♪
My companions in immortality.
But today. at the cemetery.
I finally understood
something so obvious.
which I pondered for a decade...
[Crying]
why they made me.
♪
To be Louis' sister."
[Soft jazz music playing]
♪
Thank you.
[Record scratches]
The prodigal daughter.
I've come to apologize.
I put you both in a bad spot.
I wasn't right in my head.
I am now.
Apology not accepted.
How was college? Magna cum?
Summa cum?
Phi Beta Kappa?
I've read a lot of books.
Started with Persia and Babylon.
the old gods who
longed for blood.
A lot of it was popcorn.
but a few old tomes.
A Romanian tract on "vampirs."
A strange old Hungarian text.
"Masticatione Mortuorum."
the "chewing dead."
I plan to leave for that part
of the world as soon as I can.
So. quick stop
home to do laundry
before you fuck off for good.
A quick stop to pick up Louis.
[Scoffs]
Oh.
Perused a few
folklore anthologies.
and now you're going
to cross the ocean
and take on a
society of monsters.
[Book thuds]If what
I've read is lies.
then tell me what's true.
[Scoffs]
Seven years and what's changed.
other than you
need a housekeeper?
[Bag thuds]
The vampires out there...
are vicious.
Oh...
♪
But you've learned that already.
Who did you meet out there
in the American hinterland?
Read her. Louis.
That's it. keep 'em scared.
That's his way.
The vampires in Europe
are much. much worse.
But I think he'sscared.
I never asked.
How did Charlie taste?
Like the love you'll
never really know?
And when he's
scared. he ridicules.
She was a destitute little girl.
destined to live an
inconsequential little life.
And we took it from her.
We cursed her.
Come with me!
Come with me. Louis.
Lou. I thought I could
live without you.
but I was wrong.Louis.
Louis! His love is a
small box he keeps you in.
Don't stay in it.
A thousand nights of sulking.
and the first sight of her.
you are just gonna
up and leave me?!
Please. come with me!
Let's be vampires
worthy of your love!
Aah! [Gasps]
Get the fuck off her!
Aah! [Gasping]
[Thudding. clattering]
[Louis and Lestat grunting]
♪
[Lestat roars]
[Glass shatters]
[Thudding]
[Claudia sobbing]
[Wails] Stop! Don't you touch!
[Grunting][Breathing heavily]
Aah!
[Glass shattering]Aah!
[Lestat roars]
[Thudding. clattering continue]
♪
[Loud banging]
Aah! Lestat: Cheri.
let's stop this!
You don't want to fight
like this anymore.
I am trying to restrain myself!
Stop! Please. stop!
Don't do it!
Please!
Louis: Stay back. Claudia.
It's okay. It's all good.
Daddy Lou...
It's okay.
We're done.
I'm... I'm right here.
I'm...
It's over. S-Stay
where you are. okay?
We had enough.
We just... [coughing]
need a moment here. [Coughs]
Just... [Gasps]
[Lestat growls]Aah!
[Whimpering]
[Thud]
[Louis screams.
glass shattering]
Louis. no!
I fought myself a million times.
fought my nature...
[Blood squelching]
controlled my temper.
I never once harmed you.
Uncle Les!
♪
It's "Uncle Les" now suddenly?
[Crying] Let him go.
He didn't do nothin'.
Let him go. It's me you want.
[Chuckles] Listen to me.
and listen very carefully.
my infant death.
[Louis breathing raggedly]
♪
It was neveryou.
[Sobbing]
I chose you.
[Groans][Blood squelching]
Louis!
♪
[Gasping]
I have waited. Louis.
I have patiently
waited in vain...
[Breathing raggedly]
for you to love me...
as I love you.
♪
Just say it.
Say. "Lestat. I am never
going to love you."
♪
It would help me a great deal...
to hear that from your lips...
♪
Your quivering...
hateful lips.
♪
Let go of me!
Anything for you.
♪
[Gasps]
[Gasping]
♪
[Thud]
Louis!
♪
[Sobbing]
[Upbeat music playing]
♪
♪ Your home is
where you're happy ♪
♪
♪ It's not where
you're not free ♪
♪ Your home is where you
can be what you are ♪
♪ 'Cause you were
just born to be ♪
♪ Now they'll show
you their castles ♪
♪ And diamonds for all to see
♪ But they'll never show
you their piece of mind ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't
know how to be free ♪
♪ So burn all your bridges
♪ Leave your whole life behind
♪ You can do what
you want to do ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
strong in your mind ♪
♪ And anywhere
you might wander ♪
♪ You could make
that your home ♪
♪ Just as long as you've
got love in your heart ♪
♪ You'll never be alone
♪ Just as long as you've
got love in your heart ♪
♪ You'll never be
alone. no. no. no ♪
♪ You'll never be alone
Louis: Are we the sum
of our worst moments?
♪
Can we be forgiven
if we do not forgive others?
♪
"He only beat me the
one time. Officer."
Lestat: And she is
poisoning Louis against me.
♪
Checkmate.
Claudia: We're his slaves.
and I shall free us both.
♪
Molloy: "Woman with
purple shoes. please."
Please. no. Please. stop.
It's a kill list.
Episode 5. "A Vile Hunger
for Your Hammering Heart."
What do you do with a
teen out of control?
Claudia has come
up with a hobby.
and it is not helpful for
certain vampire rules.
Hey. boss! Over here!
What you don't want to
do is leave evidence.
and when you're a teen
vampire. that's hard.
You're dropping bodies.
taking souvenirs.
Claudia: No. no. no. no.
And doing it without the
knowledge of our parents.
because we are pissed-off teens.
Louis: Have you lost
your goddamn mind?
And a teen that is
becoming a 25-year-old.
a 30-year-old. a 35-year-old
in a teen's body.
And she asks a very
profound question.
Who am I supposed to love?
How are you gonna fix it. huh?
This is why. ultimately.
this is a vampire rule...
You do not make
children vampires.
because there will be problems
growing up with this body.
Don't... Don't run off.
I know we made some... Mistakes?
And it is something she
throws back in Louis's face.
You think on that some.
"Why was I the thing to
make up for your mistakes?"
I think that haunts
Louis.[Door closes]
I had no words for her.
What words were there?
Claudia goes out to discover
a world that Lestat
warned her about.
She has a real want and need.
there must be somebody other
than Louis and Lestat out there.
She's going through
all these libraries.
trying to read about
ancient history.
and seeing if
there's any evidence
that there are others out there.
And she comes across one.
You hungry?
This is where we start building
the Anne Rice universe.
She meets another
vampire named Bruce.
You don't kill like a "Bruce."
What do I kill like?
You kill like a...
like a killer.
As Lestat rightfully warned her.
there are wolves
around the corner.
You're getting a little
close there. Bruce.
[Crack] [Screams]
You are being rude!
[Whimpers]
It's a horrible thing
that happens to Claudia.
but it has toughened her up. and
she ultimately comes back home.
[Door opens]
It's the kid that goes. "My
parents weren't all that bad.
I have gone out and seen life.
It is not all easy
and conquerable."
And she comes back
with hat half in hand.
but with a mission...
To take the good vampire
and continue on with her life.
and that is at odds with the
other vampire in the house.
You're going to cross the ocean
and take on a
society of monsters?
[Book thumps]
It is about the fight of Louis.
the fight for Louis's soul.
Come with me.
Louis!
A thousand nights of sulking.
and the first sight of her.
you are just going
to up and leave me?
Please. come with me.
Let's be vampires
worthy of your love!
Ahh!
[Gasps]Louis: Get
the fuck off her!
[Screams]
I mean. in the end. it's
"Everybody Loves Louis."
isn't it?
Let him go!
He didn't do
nothing. Let him go.
It's me you want.
[Crying]
♪
It was never you.
He tells Louis
that he loves him.
and Louis never
says it back to him.
So it's all just
coming to a hill.
Let go of me!
Anything for you.
[Gasps]
[Panicked gasping]
♪
Claudia: Louis!
[Crying] No!
♪